Ethereum
========
Since 2008 there have been many advancements in the field of blockchain
technology; one project advancing the field is known as Ethereum. In late 2013 a
young Vitalik Buterin published a white paper: *A Next-Generation Smart Contract
and Decentralized Application Platform*.  This white paper expanded on many of
the ideas originally presented by Satoshi Nakamoto; thus, establishing Ethereum,
what many describe as "Bitcoin 2.0". Ethereum offers a medium for developers to
create and publish Turing-complete smart contracts, applications, and
organizations that run on top of a decentralized platform. This medium is
provided via blockchain technology.

A smart contract, the digital equivalent of a legal contract, serves to form an
enforceable agreement between parties. A legal contract offers enforceability
through legal infrastructure: state, law, judge, magistrate, constable, etc. In
contrast, Ethereum's digital counterpart, smart contracts, offer enforceability
through software; namely, a distributed ledger, transactions, and pre-written
logic to replace legalese. These two systems vary in interesting ways:
transparency, clarity, provability, flexibility, control, efficiency, etc.

Ethereum lays the foundation for developers to create decentralized communities
and organizations. Generally speaking, an organization is a collection of people
operating under a set of protocols to achieve some common goal. A decentralized
organization maintains these characteristics, but the protocols under which the
organization operates are defined as code as opposed to parliamentary procedure.
The distinction between a decentralized community and organization is
cumbersome. For the sake of understandably, they can be considered equivalent in
meaning.

