Introduction
============
> "These are revolutionary times. All over the globe men are revolting against
> old systems of exploitation and oppression, and out of the wombs of a frail
> world, new systems of justice and equality are being born." -Martin Luther
> King, Jr.

We are forced to make decisions every day. Some decisions are simple. What do I
eat for dinner? What do I wear today? Other decisions are more difficult. What
politician should I vote for? Which stocks should I invest in? This decision
making process is complicated, and becomes even more so when we try to make
decisions as a group.

All organizations have power structures through which decisions are made.
Democratic societies aim to make decisions by granting and counting individuals'
votes. This process is complicated in practice, but in theory helps to provide a
fairer and more balanced society. Unfortunately, the difficulties of actually
implementing such a system can lead to imbalances, fraud, and corruption.
Gerrymandering, vote buying, and private interests are real-world examples of
the shortcomings a democratic society might incur.

The growing usage and near-ubiquitous nature of the internet and personal
computers offers a new medium through which a vote could be cast. Online voting
might offer solutions to alleviate some of the shortcomings previous democratic
institutions have been victim to. However, online voting has been shown to have
many of its own risks associated with it.

Here online voting, its feasibility, scalability, security, and potential
implementations are explored. In particular, blockchain technologies are
considered as a means to address some of the issues and risks that have been
shown to exist in other voting systems.  Ultimately, could a transactional,
decentralized, secure, verifiable, and electronic voting system exist?

## Current Voting Process
INSERT OVERVIEW ON CURRENT VOTING PROCESS
Estonia voting process


## Enter Blockchain

In 2008 the seminal white paper, *Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash
System*, was published under the moniker Satoshi Nakamoto. This white paper
outlined ideas for a new form of currency, Bitcoin.  Bitcoin promised to be the
first of its kind; in theory it would be the world's first decentralized digital
currency which would require no trust to authenticate timestamped transactions.
It would do this by combining cryptography, a proof-of-work system, and "miners"
to create a revolutionary new concept which is now known as blockchain
technology. In short, blockchain technology enables enables individuals who do
not trust one another to reach consensus via a trustless platform.


### Ethereum

Since 2008 there have been many advancements in the field of blockchain
technology; one such advancement is known as Ethereum. In late 2013 a young
Vitalik Buterin published a white paper: *A Next-Generation Smart Contract and
Decentralized Application Platform*.  This white paper expanded on many of the
ideas originally presented by Satoshi Nakamoto; thus, establishing Ethereum,
what many describe as "Bitcoin 2.0". Ethereum offers a medium for developers to
create and publish Turing-complete smart contracts, applications, and
organizations that run on top of a decentralized platform.

A smart contract, the digital equivalent of a legal contract, serves to form an
enforceable agreement between parties. A legal contract offers enforceability
through legal infrastructure: state, law, judge, magistrate, constable, etc. In
contrast, Ethereum's digital counterpart, smart contracts, offer enforceability
through software; namely, a distributed ledger, transactions, and pre-written
logic to replace legalese. These two systems vary in interesting ways:
transparency, clarity, provability, flexibility, control, efficiency, etc.

Ethereum lays the foundation for developers to create decentralized communities
and organizations. Generally speaking, an organization is a collection of people
operating under a set of protocols to achieve some common goal. A decentralized
organization maintains these characteristics, but the protocols under which the
organization operates are defined as code as opposed to parliamentary procedure.
The distinction between a decentralized community and organization is
cumbersome. For the sake of understandably, they can be considered equivalent in
meaning.


