Authentication Contract
=======================
The role of the Authentication Contract is to build and maintain a set of
eligible voter's (whitelist), ineligible voter's (blacklist), and Authentication
Contract authorities' (publisher's) public keys. Note that this is similar to
the signing of keys to build a web of trust.

Beyond a whitelist there should also be some sort of technique to
deterministically generate and determine public keys whilst not revealing
private keys (BIP-0032 comes to mind).

*TODO: Should this be generated using recursive "signing" contracts (building a
Web-of-Trust)? One global signing contract could maintain a collection of
(public key, signing contract) pairs. Each signing contract could only be
updated by the private key associated with the public key that created the
contract and would itself maintain a list of public keys that it considers
legitimate.*

*TODO: Merkle tree to store the state of the contract at a particular block?
Used to get a static version of valid keys.*

| Key            | Type             | Description                                                                                                                 |
|----------------|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| name           | String           | A name for this authentication contract (United States Voters, North Carolina Voters, Appalachian State University Voters). |
| administrators | Set<Key>         | A collection of authentication contract administration officials' public keys.                                              |
| DKG_key        | Key              | A public key generated by authentication officials using a distributed (threshold) key generation process.                  |
| seed_start     | Unsigned Integer | The starting key permitted to be generated by the DKG_Key.                                                                  |
| seed_end       | Unsigned Integer | The ending key permitted to be generated by the DKG_Key.                                                                    |
| whitelist      | Set<Key>         | A collection of authorized keys.                                                                                            |
| blacklist      | Set<Key>         | A collection of unauthorized keys.                                                                                          |

Functionality 1: Creation
-------------------------
A collection of authentication administrators create an Authentication Contract:
register their public keys, perform a DKG process (publish the public key),
and collectively add/remove users from the whitelist, blacklist, and
publisher list.

The number of election officials required for each of these operations should be
variable --- e.g., 2-of-N, 3-of-N; where *N* is the total number of election
officials.

*TODO: Is the DKG process necessary in this case? It will probably need to be
recomputed for every new administrator added/removed and doesn't seem to provide
a value add.

The DKG public key could be used for the deterministic key generation.*

Functionality 2: Whitelist
--------------------------
The whitelist offers a means of adding individual public keys. This is useful
for small authentication contracts and exceptions in the case of seed, but
should probably be avoided in large-scale contracts.

One nice feature of a whitelist is that the private key is never known to the
authentication contract administrators.

Functionality 3: Deterministic Keys
-----------------------------------
The deterministic generation of valid keys is an important convenience feature
for the authentication contract administrators (and optimization feature with
respect to the blockchain). This feature would allow administrators to
deterministically generate and whitelist public keys without actually needing to
write them into the blockchain (similar to BIP-0032). 3rd party contracts could
validate and verify public keys by performing the same deterministic
computations as the election officials.

This feature implies that there be additional `seed_start` and `seed end` values
which would limit the range of valid deterministically generated public keys.
`seed_start` and `seed_max` could be updated by election administrators.

Ultimately this functionality would provide a lost-cost and effective means
of adding swaths of keys into the whitelist without actually needing to write to
the blockchain (writing data into the blockchain is an expensive operation [?]).

One negative consequence of this technique is that private keys probably need to
be distributed by authentication contract administrators, perhaps by mail. This
leaves open some attack vectors; BIP-0032-like functionality might help to track
down attacks, but couldn't prevent them.

Functionality 4: Blacklist
--------------------------
The blacklist offers a means of removing individual public keys from the
contract, e.g., in the case of lost keys, death, or compromised keys. The
blacklist should take priority over the whitelist and the deterministically
generated keys, i.e., *no public key in the blacklist should ever be considered
valid*.

Functionality 5: Administrator List
-----------------------------------
The authentication contract administrators should be able to add and remove
members to and from the collection of administrators. This is perhaps the most
risky operation when compared to the others. Administrators should be heavily
vetted as the integrity of the authentication contract depends on their
diligence and maintenance.  Thusly, the addition of new members to the
authentication contract should probably require a supermajority approval from
other authentication administrators. This approval process should be public in
order to track down discovered corruption.

*TODO: The addition/removal of contract officials implies that the DKG process
needs to be re-run. This impacts the public/private key deterministic generation
process. The key generation and administration addition/removal process needs to
be more carefully considered.*

Final notes
-----------


